Name: Lucas Kehoe	Section: A
1. Tic Tac Toe
The game, Tic Tac Toe, is played by two players, playerOne and playerTwo,
on a 3*3 grid.
Step 1) playerOne selects a tile in the 3*3 grid.
Step 2) If the tile is empty, place an 'x' symbol. If the tile already has a
symbol, repeat step 1.
Step 3) Test if 'x' symbol has 3 in a row horizontally, vertically, or
diagonally. If true, declare playerOne Winner. If false, continue.
Step 4) Test if grid has no more open tiles. If true, declare the game a Draw.
If false, continue.
Step 5) playerTwo selects a tile in the 3*3 grid.
Step 6) If the tile is empty, place an 'o' symbol. If the tile already has a
symbol, repeat step 5.
Step 7) Test if 'o' symbol has 3 in a row horizontally, vertically, or
diagonally. If true, declare playerTwo Winner. If false, continue.
Step 8) Test if grid has no more open tiles. If true, declare the game a Draw.
If false, continue.
Step 9) Return to step 1.

2. Prime Factorization
n = some positive integer, i = 1 (initial index)
Step 1) Divide positive integer n by (n-i)
Step 2) Test if answer has remainder 0. If true, make answer some number p
and go to step 4. If false, continue.
Step 3) Repeat step 1, increasing i by 1 (ex: (n-2),(n-3),(n-4),...,(n-n+1))
Step 4) Print p as part of your answer. Your answer will be a list.
Step 5) Divide n/p and set this value as your new n.
Step 6) If new n is 1, stop now. You have found all the prime factorizations of
your starting value.
Step 7) If new n is some other positive integer, return to step 1, remembering
to reset i=1.

3. Chickendale Recycling
Step 1) Observe first price in price listing and set value as highest price.
Step 2) Observe next price in price listing. If new price is greater than
your value of highest price, set new price to highest price.
Step 3) Repeat step 2 until list is exhausted and you have found the highest
price.
Step 4) Add the highest price item to a list, add 1 to an integer
allowedItems (initialized as 0), and subtract 1 from the amount of
that highest price item you have.
Step 5) Test if your integer allowedItems is equal to the number of number
of units you are allowed to sell this week. If true, stop, you have found
the list of items that will be most lucrative to sell this week. If false,
continue.
Step 6) Test if amount of highest price item is equal to 0. If true, set
price of highest price item to 0 and continue. If false, return to step 4.
Step 7) Test if all your lists of amount of items are equal to 0. If true, stop, you
have found the list of items that will be most lucrative to sell this week.
If false, return to step 1.
